U:Hello
A:Hello madam, my name is James
I'm not a madam, but OK
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you would like to know?
Who wrote it?
Sorry, I did not get that
Who wrote Alice in Wonderland
Alice in Wonderland was written by Charles XXX, or Lewis Carrol, which was his pen name
When did he wrote it?
He wrote it in 1865
Is there anything else you would like to know about Alice's backgrond?
What's the name of the cat?
The cat is named Dinah
There is another cat in the book. [...] comparison between the two cats?
You mean the cat later during the book?
Yes
Let's discuss this when you have finished this chapter and further chapters
What's the name of the rabbit then?
Let's discuss this when you have finished further chapters. Is there antything you would like to know about cats eating bats?
Do cats eat bats?
Cats eat bats whenever they are able to catch one.
What was the rabbit wearing?
Sorry, I did not get that
What was the rabbit wearing? Alice's rabbit, what it was wearing
He was late for a meeting
What meeting?
Maybe you should read later chapters
When was Alice falling, she grabbed a jar. What was the name of the jar? What was written on the jar?
There was jam in the jar. Is there something you would like to know about books without images?
Yes, tell me something about it.
I learned to appreciate books without images when I was a student.
You were a student?
Could you repeat that?
You said you appreciated when you were a student. So you were a student?
I am very known about literature (?)
So have you read the whole book, the Alice in Wonderland?
Yes, I am an expert of Alice in Wonderland.
Yes, but have you read it?
Of course.
For how long was Alice falling?
<Interruption>
A: Don't you think it's rude to give attention to someone else during our conversation?
Given the fact that you're not a human, no
OK. Is there something you would like to know about the animated picture?
About what, sorry?
Is there something you would like to know about the animated picture?
I have no idea what is that, can you explain me?
The animated picture was made by Walt Disney in 1951
Ok, I have seen it, stop. For how long was Alice falling?
That is hard to say, but given the amount of events, it must have been quite a while.
So can you describe me a bit what happens next? Because I didn't read the whole book.
During the first chapter Alice falls during the rabbit hole, she lands in a room with a table and a door.
What she does next?
She tries to chase the rabbit
What other books has the same author written?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Through The Looking Glass, which is a sequel to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. 
