A:Hello madam, my name is James
U: Hello
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland, is there anything you would like to know?
I'm not a madam. Yes. I would like to know when Alice meet the white rabbit
Later in the book Alice meets the white rabbit. Maybe you should read further chapters 
Yes. OK. Good. Let me see... what else I want to know. Well, perhaps you could tell me how Alice returned home
Maybe you should read later chapters
OK it's not very informative. Tell me something about the author of the book
Lewis Carroll was a mathematician
OK. Is there also math in the book?
The book contains many references to math
OK. Such as?
Could you repeat that?
Could you provide an example of the math provided in the book, please?
Sorry, I do not know that.
Ok, that's alright. Let me see... what can you call one of the significant moment that occur in the book, besides Alices traveling to wionderland?
Maybe you should read further chapters
Yes. Provide me with some information about the book. Just tell me something.
The book was written in 1865 by Lewis Carrol. The book is written in the nonsense genre.
Oh. Ok. So the events are not actually true. Right?
Could you repeat?
So the events did not actually take place.
The events are...
Nevermind. So Alice is sent to Wonderland, right? Yes, that's true because I just read it. How long did Alice stay in wonderland?
Maybe you should read further chapters. Is there anything you would like to know about Dinah the cat?
Sure, tell me something about the cat. 
Dinah was based and named after a cat based on an actual cat own by Charles [x] or Carrol
OK. Cool. Was Dinah a nice cat?
<Interruption>
A: Don't you think it's rather rude to interrupt during our conversation?
What? No, that's ok. We can interrupt you. Let me see... can you tell me something about the white rabbit?
Lewis Carrol wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, a pen name for Charles X
No, no, can you tell me something about the character, the white rabbit?
The rabbit is being chased by Alice
Yes, why is the rabbit being chased by Alice
Sorry, I do not know that
Can the rabbit help Alice return home to her family?
Sorry, I do not know that
That's a shame. Can you tell me something about the watch of the rabbit? What color did it have?
Sorry, I do not know that
Is Alice's sister nice, are they friendly with each other?
Sorry, this is not described in the book.
Oh, that's a shame. But is it her older sister?
Yes, the sister is older than Alice.
Ok, cool. Was Alice happy in Wonderland?
Sorry, I do not know that
You do not know that much