U:Hello
A:Hello madam, my name is James
Hello, my name is Daniel, nice to meet you
Hello. I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there something you would like to know?
Well, I've never read the book before, would you recommend it to me?
Of course I would.
OK. What type of book is it? Can you say me something about that?
The book is written in the genre of nonsense.
Nonsense, allright. So, kind of fiction?
Yes, it is fiction.
What type of things happen in the book? Cause I've read the first two pages, and there's no really much of a storyline unraveled yet
Alice chases a rabbit.
Yeah. So, I think at the end of this thing she's just reached the end of the tunnel, I'm guessing this is where Wonderland starts, right?
Is there something you would like to know about the book?
Well, I'm wondering what the role of the rabbit is in the rest of the book. Can you say something about that?
Maybe you should read further chapters.
Allright, so you don't want to give too much of the story away, I guess. So I was wondering about her cat, Dinah.
Dinah is the cat of Alice.
Does she play a role in this story as well?
Dinah was based and named after a cat based on an actual cat owned by Charles X or Carrol.
Is Carrol the author? OK. Are there any things based on the true life in the book?
Alice was based on Alice X, a child friend of Lewis Carrol.
OK. So did they have similar adventures together when they were young?
Sorry, I do not know that. Is there somethign you would like to know about cats eating bats?
Why not, if you can tell me something about that.
Sometimes the cat catches a bat.
But does he eat it? That's the question.
There are known records of cats eating bats.
And do bats eat cats?
There are no known records of bats eating cats.
Is there anything else we can discuss about, based on the first two pages?
Is there something you would like to know about the falling jar?
Allright, the orange marmelade.
Yes, the jar contained orange marmalade.
What was with the jar, why was it falling so slowly?
Lewis Carrol was a mathematician, he knew that gravity was different than this (?).
Allright. So how far did Alice actually fall?
Based on the events during this Alice fell quite far.
Did she really reach the center of the Earth, as she expected?
Alice reached Wonderland.
So where is Wonderland?
Wonderland is down the rabbit hole.
OK, makes sense. So what kind of family was Alice From.
Walt Disney made an animated picture in 1951. 
<interruption>
A: Don't you think it's rude to interrupt this conversation?
A little bit, yeah. 
OK, good to know.
Allright, what were we discussing? You mentioned something about Disney. 
Walt Disney made an animated picture in 1951.
Allright, I think I saw a movie not so long about Alice in Wonderland.
There is also a non-animated picture made by ...
By who?
Sorry, could you repeat the question?
This non-animated picture, that was made by who?
Sorry, I don't know the answer.
Is there also a movie of Alice in Wonderland?
Sorry, I do not know that
So does Wonderland have the same physics rules as we have here?
There are different rules of gravity.
So how do these rules work.
Sorry, I do not know that.
Are there other things different in Wonderland?
Wonderland is based on nonsense.
