A: Hello Sir, my name is James 
U: Hello James, I'm not a gentleman, so I'm not sir
Ok, I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you would like to know?
Uh. Did the cat eat bats?
There are known records of cats eating bats
Ok. How do they catch them?
Sometimes bats fall on the floor
Ok. I guess they do. So maybe Dinah the cat eat a bat as well
That is a posibility
Ok, ehm. What about Alice's sister, what did she do?
Sorry, I do not know that
She was sitting by the river reading a book. But you don't know what she did when Alice fell down the rabbit hole?
I do not know that
Eh. What happened when Alice got to the bottom of the rabbit hole?
She fell in a room with a table with a key and one door
Ok. So she got up and went to look at what was on the table?
Sorry, I did not get that
So she up again when she had fallen to look at what was on the table
Yes, she did
Can you tell me something about the end of the book? [I've only seen] two pages. 
[Maybe you should XXX] 
I beg your pardon
Maybe you should read further chapters
Ok. Ehm. Is it in the bookcase behind you?
Sorry, I do not know that
Can't you turn round and have a look?
Sorry, I do not know that
Do you know there are books behind you?
Sorry, I do not know that
Are there books in front of you?
Sorry, I do not know that
I don't think so because I am in front of you
Is there anything you would like to know about the falling jar?
Who ate the marmelade?
Sorry, I did not get that
The jar was empty and it said orange marmelade on the jar.
Yes
But if the jar was empty, who ate the marmelade
Sorry, I do not know that
Ok. Maybe other people also fell through the hole
<interruption>
Don't you think it's rude to interrupt this conversation?
Haha. Yes. Eh. But it was very nice to offer me some coffee
Ok. 
Would you like some coffee?
I like coffee
You like coffee, good, or would you prefer some tea? Or don't you want anything at the moment?
Sorry, I don't know 
Ok, we were talking about the empty jar. [With the marme]lade
[It's against the law]
It's against the law to talk about the empty jar? I think that's strange.
Sorry, I did not get that
Well lets talk about something else, what else did Alice see when she was falling?
Sorry, I do not know that. Is there something you would like to know about the animated picture
Which animated picture?
Walt Disney made animated picture in 1951
Ok, I haven't seen that tell me about the animated picture please
Sorry, I do not know that
Was it about Alice in Wonderland?
The animated picture was about Alice in Wonderland
Ok. But the Tim Burton one was very good.
Tim Burton made a picture in 2010
I know know, it was in 3D
Ok. 
Are you in 3D?
Sorry, I do not know that
You are not very self contious, or self knowlegable
Ok. 
Ok. Ehm. Do you think there will be a new film about Alice in Wonderland
Sorry, I do not know that
Have you read Alice in Wonderland
I am an expert on Alice in Wonderland
Did you like the book
I liked the book a lot
Did you have a copy with pictures?
Sorry, I do not know that
