A: Hello madam, my name is James
U: Hello, my name is <UNK>
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you like to know?
No
Is there anything you like to know about the author?
Yes, about the author I would like to know.
The author is Lewis Carroll. His penname is Charles Dawson. He wrote Alice in Wonderland in 1952.
Interesting...
Is there something else you'd like to know?
Yes, how did he come with the idea of Alice?
Sorry, I cannot understand you.
How did he come up with the idea of Alice?
He wrote the story for a child friend of his, named Alice Little.
Nice.
Is there something else you'd like to know?
No.
Would you like to know something about the rabbit?
Yes, why not?
The rabbit is actually called white rabbit. Later during the book he thinks Alice is his housemaid. Is there something else you'd like to know?
I would like to know about the cat.
Sorry, I cannot uderstand you.
I would like to know about the cat.
The cat. Would you like to know about Dinah?
Yes
Dinah is based on the actual cat owned by Alice Little.
Ok.
Would you like to know something about Alice?
Yes.
Alice is 8 years old. She owns a cat named Dinah. She is both curious and rational during the events in this book. Is there something you like to know about cat eating bats?
Yes, that would be interesting.
Cats sometimes catch bats, which they then eat.
Ok.
Is there something else you'd like to ask?
No.
Is there something you'd like to know about the caterpillar?
About who?
The caterpillar is a character described later during the book.
Yes, I would like to know about it.
The caterpillar keeps asking who Alice is.
What does he say as a reply?
Alice won't answer that question.
Why not?
Because the caterpillar is being rude. Is there something else you'd like to know?
Yes, who is the friend of Alice during the story?
Could you repeat that question please?
<Interruption by experimenter>
A: Don't you think it's rude to interrupt a conversation?
U: I'm sorry.
Ok, thank you. Is there something you would like to know about Lewis Caroll?
Yes, you can tell me about Lewis.
Lewis Caroll wrote 12 books in total. His third book was Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, the book you just read.
Ok, what was his first book?
His first book was a Tangled Tale.
What was it about?
Sorry, I don't know that.
What about his second book?
Sorry, I don't know anything about that.
So how does the story of Alice end?
Alice wonders if she was dreaming all the time or not. Is there something you'd like to know about the falling jar of marmelade?
Yes.
It is strange that a bottle of marmelade was falling faster than Alice herself. That is against the laws of physics.
True.
Lewis Caroll knew about this, since he was a mathematician.
Hmm. Yes, but I think it was in his imagniation. So everything could be contrary of the laws.
That is a valid point.
Okay.
So why... did he point that out in his book?
Sorry, I could not get you.
<Time's up>
