A: Hello sir, my name is James. I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you would like to know?
U: <interruption with operator>
sorry I did not get that
<interruption with operator> I read very little about the book so enligth me!
would you like to know something about the white rabbit?
yes
the white rabbit is called W. rabbit. He thinks Alice is his housemaid.
Alice...
Alice chases the white rabbit throughout the book
alright
is there something else you would like to know?
well maybe you should tell me
would you like to know something about Alice?
sure
Alice is 8 years old. She is based on the real name Alice Liddell, a child friend of the author. Alice owns a cat named Dinah. Dinah is also based on a real cat.
okay
would you like to know something about Lewis Carroll, the author?
nah move on
would you like to know something about the queen?
not really
would you like to know something about cats eating bats?
yes
there are no known records of cats eating bats
okay
is there something else you would like to know?
yeah what is the point of that?
what is the point of what?
this conversation
sorry I don't know the answer
alright. So what now?
is there something you would like to know about the king?
yeah sure
the king tries to help Alice when the queen convicts her
okay
is there something you would like to know about the Cheshire cat?
yes
the Cheshire cat helps Alice find directions to the palace
okay
is there something else you would like to ask?
for how long did Alice fell through the rabbit hole?
it is hard to say however given the amount of events it must have been quite long
so what happened?
sorry I did not get that
what happened?
<interruption>
don't you think it's rather rude to interrupt our conversation?
nah I don't
okay
so hmm yeah what do you know about Alice?
Alice is 8 years old
why? Why is she eight?
Alice was based on a girl named Alice Liddell. She was also 8 years old.
so what else happened through the book?
could you repeat that please?
what else is happening with this story?
when Alice fell through the rabbit hole she was in a room with a door and a key. She was trying to chase the rabbit.
why?
she wanted to know where he was going
why?
Alice is a curious girl
alright. Is this true?
sorry I don't know the answer
when was the book written?
the book was written in 1836
what else do you know? What else do you know?
sorry I don't know the answer
how was the movie?
well Disney made an animated picture in 1951
there was another movie after
Tim Burton made a movie in 2010
did you watch it?
<interruption>
