A: Hello sir, my name is James.
U: hello James
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you would like to know?
yes sure eh is Dinah actually eating bats?
Dinah does not catch bats however there are known records of cats catching and eating bats
great eh what is the back story of the book like eh it is inspired from actual story which occurred to the author?
Alice in Wonderland is based on Alice Liddell a child friend of the author. Dinah the cat is also based on the cat owned by Alice Liddell.
and oh Alice XXX okay and eh what what else could you tell me about this book?
The book was written in 1951. It was the first book in the Alice XXX
okay and do you any funny story about Alice in Wonderland?
sorry I don't know the answer
okay eh what is your favorite eh passage in the book?
sorry I don't know the answer
how age was Lewis Carroll when he started to write Alice in Wonderland and how much time did it take it did it take him to write it?
Lewis Carroll was 33 when he wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. It took him one year to write. Is there something you would like to know about the rabbit?
yes sure
the rabbit's name is W. rabbit. He thinks Alice is his housemaid. Throughout the book the rabbit is being chased by Alice.
sure and eh what can you tell me about the Cheshire cat?
the Cheshire cat tries to help Alice by giving directions
yeah but then it disappears
the Cheshire cat can make his body invisible indeed
and eh what is the best advice he gives to others?
sorry I don't know that
and eh you didn't I didn't see any question about the mad hatter
sorry could you repeat the question?
eh can you tell me some facts about the mad hatter?
<interruption>
don't you think it's rude to interrupt our conversation?
(laugh) I'm sorry eh so do you have any facts about the mad hatter?
sorry I don't know the answer. is there something you would like to know about the falling jar?
yes sure
it is against the laws of physics to drop something during a free fall
yeah that's true
the writer knew about this as he was a mathematician
okay well but the books like there are many eh facts in the book which are against the law of physics like the piece of cake which is which makes eh Alice bigger or smaller I don't remember but [which
indeed]
yeah eh does the piece of cake makes Alice bigger or smaller?
the piece of cake grows Alice 
grows Alice okay and what makes her smaller?
sorry could you repeat that?
what makes eh Alice smaller?
throughout the book there are many making her smaller
I'm sorry I didn't understand
throughout the book there are many passages where Alice shrinks
okay
this is done by multiple different objects such as drawings and candy
okay and eh what can you tell me about eh the queen of heart? no the queen of spades
the queen of heart tries to convict Alice
to convince Alice?
the queen of heart tries to convict Alice
into what?
sorry I don't know the answer
