U: hello!
A: hello madam, my name is James.
hello James
is there anything you would like to know about Alice in Wonderland?
sure eh when was it first published?
Alice was published in 1953
1953?
sorry?
did you say 1953?
Alice was first published in 1853
ok thanks, and was it successful right after?
the book was very successful within ten years
okay cool
it was translated within these ten years in 45 languages
was XXX one of them?
sorry I don't know that
ok no problem, hm see
is there anything you would like to know about the rabbit?
the rabbit hm no (laugh)
okay
I think I know everything I need to know about the rabbit, it was white and it had a XXX pocket watch
is there anything you would like to know about Lewis Carroll, the writer?
yeah what other books did he write?
the first book he wrote is "A Tangled Tale"
okay was it similar to Alice in Wonderland?
"A Tangled Tale" was also in the same genre "nonsense"
nonsense, what is the "nonsense" genre?
impossible things happen during Alice in Wonderland
sure, could we then call it fantasy and not nonsense?
the impossible things in Alice in Wonderland are based on logical fallacies
okay if you say so
is there anything you would like to know about Dinah the cat?
hmm is it girl or a boy cat?
Dinah is a girl
a girl right
she is based on actual cat owned by Alice Liddell
who is that?
Alice Liddell is the real child that Alice is based on
and was she related to Lewis Carroll?
Alice Liddell was the daughter of his employer
okay, who was this employer?
Lewis Carroll worked at the university as a mathematician
mathematician it's quite a leap into the literature then, thanks for telling me
would you like to know something about the Cheshire cat?
yeah please tell me
the Cheshire cat tries to help Alice find directions
I knew that
<interruption>
don't you think it's rude to interrupt a conversation?
a little
okay thank you
no problem what were you saying about the Cheshire cat?
the Cheshire cat helps Alice find directions
I think it does a bit more than that later in the book or am I wrong?
later in the book the Cheshire cat annoys the queen
hm yes indeed and then it disappears?
the Cheshire cat disappears throughout the book, he can make his body invisible
yes why is it called Cheshire cat?
sorry I don't know that
too bad
do you know what Cheshire means?
sorry I don't know that
yes me neither so it's okay
would you like to know something about the queen?
yes tell me something about the queen
the queen likes to play cricket
yes but she doesn't use cricket balls for that
sorry could you repeat that?
does she use normal cricket balls?
sorry I don't know the answer
you should, sorry I interrupted you what were you saying?
Alice and the queen were playing cricket
yeah
during this game the queen convicts Alice
for what?
for things the Cheshire cat did to the queen
yes what happens after?
Alice goes to trial
and then?
the white rabbit tries to save Alice
