U: Hello
A: Hello madam, my name is James
I'm not a madam
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you would like to know?
Not really
Is there something you would like to know about the author?
Oh you could tell me something interesting
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Her (?) name was Charles Dodgson. Charles Dodgson was a mathematician. Is there anything you would like to know about the animated picture?
I don't know
Is there anything you would like to know about cats eating bats?
Yes that sound interesting
There is no known evidence of bats eating cats
Oh.
Is there something you would like to know about books without images?
No, not really
Is there something you would like to know about a hole to the other side of the earth
That wouldn't work right?
When this book was being written, this was a question that was discussed by many scientists, until they found an answer. Is there something you would like to know about Alice's background?
Yes
Alice was based on a child's friend named Alice Liddell. 
Does she have family?
Alice has a sister.
And her parents?
Her parents are not described in the book
Why aren't they described in the book?
Her parents are not part of Wonderland
Do you think there's a reason for that?
Maybe you should read further chapters
Is there something you would like to know about Dinah the cat?
Yes, what's her importance?
Dinah was named and based after a cat based on the actual cat owned by a friend of Carroll.
But why is he in the book? It's just a cat
Sorry, I do not know the answer
<interruption>
Don't you think it's rather rude to interrupt this conversation?
Well that's not my fault
OK. Is there anything you would like to know about the falling jar?
Yes, why is it overtaking her? (?)
Sorry, I did not get that
Wouldn't the jar fall as quickly as she falls
It is against the law of physics to drop a jar in a free fall
But Lewis didn't notice that
Lewis was a mathematician, he knew about this.
So he choose to ignore it
There are written records of eating bats if you can catch them
That answer doesn't even make sense
Is there something you would like to know about books without images?
You already asked that question
Is there something you would like to know about Alice's background?
Yes, please tell me
Alice was based on a child's friend named Alice Liddell. 
Can you tell me more?
Lewis Carroll liked children. It has been speculated he was a pedophile
