A: Hello madam my name is James
U: Hello
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. is there anything you would like to know?
Uh, who is Dinah?
Dinah is the cat. Dinah is based on a real cat owned by Charles XXX or Lewis Carol.
Ok. Uhm. was it based on a true story?
Alice in Wonderland was a story told by Lewis Carol to twelve friends of his.
Uh kay. Uh tell me about the rabbit, why is he running?
The rabbit is late for a meeting.
Yes. Why did Alice follow the rabbit?
Alice was interested in what he was doing.
Do you think Alice is like the cat and curiosity will kill her?
Sorry, I do no know that
Yeah XXX uhm tell me about the author.
Lewis Carol wrote Alice's adventures in Wonderland, a pen-name for Charles XXX
Is the author still alive?
No, the author died in 19 o 6
Uh there is a movie about the book, right?
Yes, Walt Disney made a movie in 1956
Yes. Uhm. Tell me about the other cat.
Maybe you should read further chapters.
Yeah, but you are here to tell me about the other cat or stuff about the book
Is there something you would like to know about cats eating bats?
Or bats eating cats?
There are known records of cats eating bats
Are there known records of bats eating cats?
There are no known records of bats eating cats
But do you think it's possible?
Sorry, I do not know the answer.
Ok. Uhm tell me about the orange Marmelade.
It is against the laws of physics to drop a jar in free fall.
And the anti bathies
Sorry, I did not get that
What are the anti bethies
Sorry, I do not know the answer
And who's Dinah?
The book was writen in 1856 by Lewis Carol
No no no who is Dinah
Dinah is Alice's cat
And he's imaginary or he's real?
Dinah is real
Ah ok. Uhm. What is the rabbit what does the rabbit have?
Sorry, I did not get that
What does the white rabbit have?
The white rabbit has a pocket watch
Ok...
Is there something you would like to know about books without images?
Yeah, tell me about books without images
I learned ot appreciate them when I was a student
Yeah ok. and when was Lewis Carol born?
Lewis Carol was born in 1938
1938. and when did he die?
He died in 19 o 6
But than his death was before his birth... if he died [in 19 o 6 
Sorry, I do not] know the answer
When did when did Lewis Carol was born?
1836
Ah 1836 I thought you said 1938 that makes sense. Ok. What did the rabbit say to itself?
I will be late
No he said I shall be late
<interruption>
Don't you think it's rude to interrupt our conversation?
Yeah yeah he interrupted and
Ok
And he probably programmed you to say that and he probably interrupted us on purpose. Do you think that?
Sorry, I do no know the answer
Yeah for next time. Uh so what else can you tell me about Alice in Wonderland that I don't know
The book was written in the nonsense genre
Nonsense genre? Can you tell me more about it?
Many things in the book are impossible or done in an unusual or inverted way
Nothing is impossible. Did you know that?
Could you repeat that?
Nothing is impossible, did you know that?
No, I did not know that.
Yeah, write it down. Uh what color were the rabbit's eyes?
The rabbit has pink eyes
Uhm did Dinah ever eat a bat?
Sorry, I do not know the answer
Ok.

