A: Hello madam, my name is James
U: Hello James
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you would like to know?
I can think of something. What's the rest of the story?
Is there something you would like to know about the author?
Ok, tell me.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Lewis Carrol a pen name for Charles Dutchen. Charles Dutchen was a mathematician.
Yes.
Is there something you would like to know about the animated picture?
Yes, tell me who made this
Disney made an animated picture in 1951
Okay...
Is there anything you would like to know about cats eating bats?
Eh, I think this is a strange topic
Is there anything you would like to know about falling jars?
Yes, tell me about those.
It is against the law of physics to drop a jar in free fall 
Ok. It doesn't drop, yes ofcourse
Is there anything you would like to know about the book?
Yes, tell me about the book
The book was written in 1865 by Lewis Carrol
Anything else?
It is written in the nonsense genre
Yes, I know that. And more?
Many things in the book are impossible, or done in an unusual or inverted way
What did you say?
Many things in the book are impossible, or done in an unusual or inverted way
Ok, anything else? It was indeed a strange book
Sorry, I did not get that
It was indeed a strange book. Anything else you can tell me about the book?
Sorry, that is all I know
That is not a lot. Can you tell me the rest of the story?
Maybe you should read further chapters
Yes, that's also a possibility.
Is there anything you would like to know about books without images
Tell me
I learned to appreciate them as a student
Yes... what
Sorry, I did not get that
What did you say?
I learned to appreciate them as a student
Me too. Anything else you can tell me about books without pictures?
Sorry, that is all I know
What else can you tell me about Alice in Wonderland
<interruption>
Don't you think it's rather rude to interrupt our conversation?
Haha, he asked me for coffee, of course not that's not ]
[OK
I like coffee
I like coffee too 
So what else, you are actually from Alice in Wonderland, what else can you tell me?
Alice was based on a child friend named Alice Liddell
Ok. Any more cool facts?
There is a live action move made by Tim Burton in 2010
I know. What can you tell me about Tim Burton
Sorry, I do not know that
What else can you tell me about the author
Alice was based on a child friend named Alice Liddell
Yes, go on. 
Sorry, I do not know that
Haha... eh...
Is there anything you would like to know about Alice's background
Yes tell me
Alice was based on a child friend named Alice Liddell
Again. Anything else you can tell me about Alice
Dinah was based and named after a cat based on an actual cat owned by Alice Liddell
Ok. Anything else?
Could you repeat the question?
What else can you tell me?
It is against the laws of physics to drop a jar in free fall.
Yes?
