A: Hello sir, my name is James.
U: Hello James, my name is Cristian
Hello. I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you'd like to konw?
I'm wondering where the fall will end. Because I'm not too familiar with the book.
Alice ends in room with a door and a table. The door is too small for Alice to enter.
Ok. So what does she do next?
Alice drinks a potion and becomes smaller.
Ok. So she can go through the door.
Yes.
Ok. How... Did she know she had to drink the potion to become smaller?
The door told her to drink the potion
Who told her?
The door told her to drink the potion.
Ok. So she went through the door.
Alice continued to chase the rabbit.
Did she.. get it?
She will meet the rabbit at the rabbit's house.
Ok. What happens next?
Alice goes to the king and queen of Wonderland.
So the rabbit's house is in Wonderland.
The rabbit lives in Wonderland.
What is so wonderful about Wonderland?
Wonderland is filled with non-sensical things.
Haha, that's wonderful. Can you give some examples of that... non-sensical things?
Sorry, I don't know the answer.
Ok. What does Alice do at the rabbit's house?
At the rabbit's house Alice grows <UNK>
Ok. And... What's the story with the queen?
Alice and the queen play cricket together.
So she just... managed to meet the queen.
Alice meets the queen at the palice.
So she just went to the palice and said she wanted to see the queen.
She asked for directions to the Cheshire cat
If I remember correctly from the movie, the Cheshire Cat was kind of weird. With his stupid grin. Is that correct?
The cat is able to hide his body.
Ok.
<Interruption by experimenter>
A: Don't you think it's rude to interrupt our conversation?
U: Haha, Well, it's a friendly offer, so it depends.
Ok. Is there something else you'd like to know?
What do you think about the interruption?
Sorry, I don't know the answer.
Ok. We were talking about the Cheshire Cat. What is the use of hiding its body?
He likes to trick people.
Ok. But he didn't trick Alice into going to the palice?
No, Alice was just looking for the rabbit.
Ok. And... How does the story continue after the meeting with the queen?
Alice wonders if she was sleeping or not?
Was she?
That is up for you to decide.
So it's kind of open-ended story.
Yes, Alice in Wonderland is open-ended.
So do you recommend reading it?
I like the story of Alice in Wonderland.
Should I read the book or watch the movie? A movie.
The animated picture by Walt Disney is similar to the book.
And the Tim Burton movie isn't?
The Tim Burton version is much different.
Ok. I've seen that one, the Tim Burton movie, buut it's been a while, but what is the biggest difference with the book?
The Tim Burton movie also contains Through the Looking Glass, a sequel to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Aha! Does the sequel explain how the story ends?
Sorry, I don't know the answer.
Ok.