U: So hello virtual agent! Can you hear me?
A: Hello sir, my name is James.
okay, hey James have you read Alice in Wonderland?
I know everything about Alice in Wonderland. Is there anything you would like to know?
Well not anything in particular, just tell me whatever thing you think is interesting about this book.
Would you like to know something about Alice?
Yeah sure
Alice is 8 years old. She was based on Alice Liddell, a child friend of the author.
Interesting, I did not know that. And this cat of hers this eh it plays an important role in the story?
Dinah the cat only plays a role during chapter 1.
oh okay! so that's the chapter I just read I think where [she falls down
You read chapter 1], yeah
yeah yeah, eh oh it's very interesting 'cause I I know someone that has the same name as the cat, I didn't know that was from the book I never heard the name before. hmm yeah well hmm but there's also a cat in Wonderland if I'm not mistaking. Right?
Could you repeat the question?
There's also a cat in Wonderland if I'm not mistaking?
The Cheshire cat is in Wonderland.
yeah indeed but that's a totally different cat because when Alice was falling down the rabbit hole she was thinking very much about her cat so there might be a connection between the cat in Wonderland and her cat Dinah in the real world. Don't you think?
Sorry I don't know.
oh well it seems eh sensible. hmm but this cat in Wonderland hmm can you tell me something about him?
The Cheshire cat tries to help Alice find the directions to the palace.
To the palace, okay. And it's a very strange cat, isn't he?
The Cheshire cat is very mysterious.
Yeah yeah definitely. What does he what does he look like?
The Cheshire cat likes to make himself invisible.
Oh so he doesn't look like anything then. So but if it is not invisible, what does this cat look like?
He has a scary XXX
A scary? I didn't understand that sorry.
The Cheshire cat has a scary grin.
Grim? Oh right yeah. Oh I actually only picture him from the Disney movie Alice in Wonderland, and now that you mention it, yes he does have a scary grim yeah, at least for little kids (laugh) yeah. What other interesting characters are there beside the cat?
Would you like to know something about the white rabbit?
Yeah the white rabbit for example!
The white rabbit is called W. rabbit. He thinks Alice is his housemaid.
Oh what what would he think that?
Alice is trapped inside his house.
(laugh) so anyone who is trapped inside your house will logically be your housemaid. Yes that makes a lot of sense!
Alice in Wonderland is XXX
<interruption>
Don't you think it's rude to interrupt this conversation?
(laugh) yeah this is very rude Mister virtual agent (laugh)
okay, thank you
yeah! hmm yeah but Alice is trapped inside the house of the rabbit, how is that?
XXX book Alice often shrinks and grows. In rabbit's house she grows.
Oh she is litteraly stuck in his as in she can't go through the door or window because she doesn't fit.
She does not fit to the door.
Aie! Yeah well that's a bit a bit problematic. Earlier I was thinking she she's trapped in the house so the white rabbit doesn't let her go out so it's actually a mean rabbit but eh well that that explains it's a nice rabbit but yeah if it doesn't fit it doesn't fit. hm how exactly [does 
He did]
yeah how exactly does she grow and shrink? That never happened to me.
Alice often drinks drinks which make her larger or smaller.
Okay
Besides drinks she also eats other things that do the same.
And this things are just lying around in Wonderland.
They are often given by characters she meets in Wonderland.
hmm well I would like to meet some people in the real world that could pass me some of those very nice pieces of fruit and drinks yeah hmm well yeah so Alice goes to the palace you mentioned earlier or at least she tries to get there. Does she make it to the palace?
She arrives at the palace. There, she meets the queen.
Oh the queen you mean that real bitch or is it just the second movie?
Sorry I did not get that.
Well in the the the newer Alice in Wonderland movie I remember the queen and she is like a total bitch. Do you agree?
Sorry I don't understand.
Well she is a very nasty unfriendly person in the movie.
